n8n Workflow Popularity System

A FastAPI-based system to collect, store, and display the most popular n8n workflows from multiple sources (YouTube, n8n Forum, Google Trends). The system automatically stores collected workflows in a SQLite database and provides a simple web interface to view and add more data.

- Features

1. Collect real workflow data from:
YouTube (views, likes, comments, engagement ratios)
n8n Forum (Discourse) (replies, likes, contributors, views)
Google Trends (search interest over time)

2. Store workflows in SQLite (workflows.db)

3. Serve workflows via JSON API and human-friendly HTML pages

4. Automatic daily updates using APScheduler

5. Manual refresh button to add new workflows

6. Results page to view collected workflows with details

- Installation

Create a virtual environment (recommended):
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate   # macOS/Linux
venv\Scripts\activate      # Windows

Install dependencies from requirements.txt:
pip install -r requirements.txt

- Usage

Start the FastAPI server:
uvicorn app:app --reload

Open the web interface
Visit in your browser:
http://127.0.0.1:8000

Buttons on the main page
1. Add Data (Refresh):
Collects new workflow data from YouTube, n8n Forum, and Google Trends. Shows how many workflows were added. It may take a while to load the data.
2. See Results:
Displays all workflows currently stored in the SQLite database in a readable HTML table. At the end of the result page, you will see a link to go back to the main page.

- Automatic Daily Updates

The system uses APScheduler to automatically refresh workflows daily at 8 AM. You can adjust the schedule in app.py:
scheduler.add_job(collect_all, "cron", hour=8, minute=0)

- Database

All workflows are stored in SQLite: workflows.db
Columns:
id, workflow, platform, popularity_metrics (JSON), country, collected_at

- Notes

I used my own YouTube API key.

Google Trends collection does not require an API key, but requests may be throttled if too frequent.

Discourse collector fetches public topics; no API key is required.